I'm Robert,
and my doctor tucked me up.
The anesthesiologist comes in.
He's like,
"I have other patients.
We're just gonna have to
give you your epidural"--
He says, "I'll have to
give you an epidural,
and then I'm gonna leave you"?
Never leave a patient unattended
after you've given them
any form of anesthesia.
That is a recipe for disaster.
I nearly died
from my plastic surgery.
No more plastic surgery
till that's figured out?
I can't promise that.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm upset.
Maybe because I'm a father,
and I'm relating this
to if my kids were saying this.
I'd be pissed.
[woman]
My face started changing.
I lost fat all around my face.
She went from looking like me
to looking, like,
unrecognizable.
[Dr. Dubrow]
Koffa's case
is extraordinarily rare,
and it may be very difficult
to fix.
Mm.
You ever seen this before?
Okay, this is one of
the weirdest things
I've ever seen.
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be sexy ♪
[echoing]
♪ I wanna be hot ♪
♪ Fix me
Make me beautiful ♪
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
Okay, let's see.
That's looking good.
My name is Koffa,
and I live with sarcoidosis,
which has left my face
with skin and bones.
And on top of that,
I have this left breast
that's ready for a night out,
and then I have
this right breast
that is down for the count.
Sarcoidosis
is an autoimmune disease,
kind of similar to lupus.
For me, it affects my skin.
I was 19 years old
when my mom started noticing
that around my eyes,
you could see
that it was a little bit puffy,
a little bit swollen.
And I did a lot of blood tests,
but the doctors did not know
what was going on.
And by 2012,
my face started leaning.
And it just kept going.
I was just like,
"Uh, are you gonna stop?
Come on now."
[chuckles]
And it just end up
being like this,
where I have hollow cheeks.
It wasn't until 2015
that a doctor
finally figured out
that I had sarcoidosis.
I had an emotional breakdown.
It was really tough.
I couldn't control what was
happening with my face,
but I could control
the size of my boobs.
At the time,
I was a bigger girl,
and I was like, "I want
my breasts to match my body,"
so at 29, I went ahead
and got some breasts.
I thought that it
was gonna make me happy.
After doing that,
I started going out on dates.
New me, baby.
I thought I was hot.
You know, I was doing
a damn thing.
[chuckling]
And then I wake up one day
in 2015,
and my left breast
is hard as a rock.
So I went to the doctor,
and he told me that
it was encapsulated.
I'm like, "Come on, man.
Something else? Really?"
So here we are,
just a couple of years later,
my breasts still
are a huge issue.
Both of them look different.
They need to be
on the same page.
They can't be going
to different parties, listening
to different music anymore.
Come on, girls.
Get it together.
[chuckles]
And also my face.
I started going
to the doctors,
and I've done everything
from dermarolling,
putting collagen creams
on my face.
Nothing's happening.
I got my angles down pat
when it comes to selfies,
don't get me wrong.
But sometimes
I feel like giving up.
I'm tired of feeling
devastated and pissed off,
like, "Why is this happening?"
Fashion is my love
and my heart.
As a kid, I loved designing.
I designed clothes
for my Barbies.
And at that age,
I knew that's just
what I wanted to do.
But after getting my doctorate
and having all these skills,
it's hard to find jobs.
All seriousness, you know,
[sighs] girl,
it's getting in the way
of a lot of different things,
like opportunities.
Right.
And then, you know,
I'll go apply for a job--
Right.
...go through the interviewing
process, and then, boom,
they're like,
"Oh, you know what,
your skill set is so amazing,
but, you know,
we're just not gonna hire you."
It has to be my appearance.
It's heartbreaking,
because she actually has skill.
She's really talented.
If someone just gave her a shot
and looked past the exterior,
she'd be an asset.
It's tough, as a friend,
hearing that.
I kind of want my face
to look like yours,
you know what I'm saying?
With the plumpness.
Girl, you're beautiful
inside and out.
You know you're gorgeous.
I wanna see Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow
for my breasts and my face.
I don't have an answer
for why this happened to me,
but I know that they will,
more than likely,
find a solution to make my life
much better than
what it is right now.
Keep my fingers crossed.
[chuckling]
I can't see myself living
without a corset anymore.
I wear it about
23 hours a day.
Makes me look more
like a sex doll,
so I really like it.
I'm Amanda from Finland,
and I nearly died
from my plastic surgery.
My ultimate dream is to be
a real live sex doll,
'cause all the womanly features
are perfectly exaggerated.
When I was eight or nine,
I heard that there's this thing
called plastic surgery,
and it can change your looks.
And ever since,
I just had this feeling
that when I grow up,
I would do that.
In Finland, they really
don't do plastic surgery,
so when I was 18,
I traveled to Estonia
to have my first boob job.
Getting implants was one of
the best days of my life.
But they were not
as big as I wanted.
[laughing]
After my second boob job,
it became really apparent to me
that I had an addiction,
'cause I realized how happy
it had made me.
I would say
that having plastic surgery
is better than sex.
Way better. Yeah.
[laughing]
Yeah, I'm just
gonna collect myself.
[clears throat]
To satisfy this addiction,
I got a nose job.
And then I wanted to get
1,200cc implants,
so I traveled to Lithuania
to have this surgery.
Afterwards,
I wake up in the ICU.
I did have my surgery,
but I had had a seizure,
and I had went into a coma
for several days
after my surgery.
The doctors told me
it's the anesthesia
that is the problem.
I was really close to dying,
but even after
the near-death experience,
I'm still as addicted
as I ever were
to plastic surgery.
I'm meeting Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow
'cause there is asymmetry
in my boobs,
and obviously I want them bigger
at the same time.
But I'm hoping that they could
give me surgery
under local anesthesia.
After my last surgery,
I'm traumatized,
so the thought of being awake
is just, like, nice.
I think that many people
would consider me
not very normal.
And I love it when people think
that I'm crazy.
When people tell me that
I'm gonna regret my surgeries,
well, that just sounds
really silly to me.
Why would I regret big boobs?
Why do you always make fun
of me and say, "Hey, everybody"?
Well, because when you do
these Internet posts--
Hey, everybody.
...you can't decide whether
you wanna do, "Hi, everybody,"
Hey, everybody.
or "Hey, everybody,"
so you sort of blur them.
You go, "Har, everybody."
Do I say it like that?
Or I go, "Hi, everybody?"
You go, "Har, everybody."
How about this?
Hi, everybody.
That's it.
What is that?
Is that "hey" or "hi"?
That was "hi."
Do it again.
Hi, everybody.
That one was
"Har, everybody."
Which is it?
Does it really
sound like that?
It does.
Heh, everybody.
No, it's "Har, everybody."
Har...
[both laughing]
Hey, Terry,
can you understand this?
Kiss my butt.
[laughing]
We have a patient
that's gonna need both
of our expertise, okay?
This is Koffa.
Mm-hmm.
This is what Koffa
used to look like.
Okay.
This is what Koffa
looks like right now.
Oh, boy.
Lost all of her facial fat.
Okay? In addition,
look at Koffa's breasts.
Is that capsular contracture?
Yeah.
Can you please send in Koffa?
Hi.
Koffa, hi.
Dr. Nassif.
Nice to meet you.
Hi, Koffa. Terry Dubrow.
[Koffa]
I'm tired of looking like this,
so I hope that
I can get some good news.
[Dr. Dubrow]
You've got some unique problems,
and I can only imagine
how they've affected you.
So, tell us about this.
I was about 19 years old.
My face started changing.
My eyes actually
were swollen first.
Then from 2010 to 2013,
all of it just started
going away.
So it started out swollen.
Edematous.
Yeah, it was-- Mm-hmm.
And then-- Okay.
So inflammatory.
So they did new tests,
and then they were like,
"You have sarcoidosis."
Sarcoidosis
is an inflammatory process
of the body,
and most people
don't have symptoms.
Unlike Koffa's situation,
where all the fat
is gone in her face.
She went from looking like me
to looking, like,
unrecognizable.
And she would just
lock herself in her house.
She'd work from home.
She got her PhD from home.
She did everything from home.
Really?
She feels like people look
at her like a science project.
And people do.
They stare.
Koffa has gone through hell,
and she still has a smile
on her face,
and she still feels like
something's gonna happen
to where she'll
be back to normal.
When did breast implants
fit into this process?
I got the surgery in 2009.
And then, in 2015,
I just woke up one morning,
and my chest was hard.
Just one side.
And it hurt so bad.
Yeah.
But this one now
is kind of droopy,
where this nipple
kind of goes down,
and this one is sitting up.
Yeah.
It would just be nice
to have a nice...
I don't know. Rack?
Yeah.
All right. So you have this,
which we have to help you with.
Yes. Oh, my gosh.
And you have this,
which we have to help you with.
I hate to say it,
but this is the worst case
of sarcoidosis
that I've ever seen,
in person
or even in a textbook.
And it may be
very difficult to fix.
Let's go figure it out.
Let's get in there, okay?
Thank you.
Come on.
It's not even so much about
having surgery
to fix the outer anymore.
I need this to kind of learn
to love myself right now.
Why is this side
so much bigger?
This is really weird.
The left breast
is really very confusing.
Is there scar tissue
or something else going on?
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
[Dr. Nassif]
You can feel the actual
muscles right on top.
You can feel everything.
We can see all
of your facial muscles.
Yeah.
The individual ones that
we've never even seen before,
we can see.
Yeah, the skin's
extremely thin.
Oh, yeah.
As I'm touching Koffa's face,
all I can feel
is bones and muscle.
The sarcoidosis has completely
destroyed her natural tissue.
This is extremely rare.
I don't think I'll
ever see this again.
This will be it.
First and last time.
[Dr. Dubrow]
Let's look at the chest, okay?
[Koffa] Yes.
So this side is very soft.
The implant is up here,
and your breast tissue
has stretched and hung down
over it.
Mm-hmm.
This side is really tight,
really hard.
The only thing
that's a little strange
is, why is this side
so much bigger?
This is really weird.
The left breast
is really very confusing.
Is there scar tissue
or something else going on?
All right.
I have to downsize the implant,
and then figure out
what to do with the skin
so that the skin isn't loose
with the smaller implants.
Okay.
But I think the more
challenging situation
is what Dr. Nassif
has to deal with-- the face.
So, have you heard
of Sculptra?
I think I've ran across that.
In simplest terms,
Sculptra is a material
you inject in the face,
basically creating
new collagen,
which means more fullness,
volume.
In addition, we can put
some long-acting fillers in.
Depending on your body--
Yes.
Your body can eat it up,
or it can last up to a year.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
You deserve
the best of the best,
and we're gonna try to bring you
the best of the best
situation, okay?
I really appreciate all this.
Just to know that I have
a shot at just looking normal...
[chuckles, sighs]
I'm just overjoyed,
and I'm looking
forward to seeing
what life is going
to be like after this.
Yeah.
You're gonna get
your groove back, girl.
Oh, my God.
I literally
never leave my house
without my shapewear on.
I wear 'em
underneath everything,
because they're spandex.
They kind of just hold
everything into place.
I'm Robert,
I'm from San Jose, California,
and my doctor tucked me up.
My stomach is disgusting.
It is flabby.
It hangs over on the sides.
And I'd rather have a dad bod
than this sad bod.
[chuckles]
Life as a kid was good,
but we struggled with money.
There was never really
too many home-cooked meals.
It was whatever was
convenient and cheap.
It was always fast food.
At my heaviest weight
in college,
I weighed in around 400 pounds.
At age 22,
I joined weight-loss programs
that would show me
how to eat properly.
And I was working out
twice a day.
In five years, I ended up
losing over 200 pounds.
After losing all the weight,
unfortunately it left me
with a bunch of loose skin
that was nasty
and I couldn't really hide.
Looking for my doctor
for the surgery,
I went on Yelp.
He had a really good price.
And I called and made
my consultation.
Having the skin surgery removal
was gonna finally
give me the chance
to be proud of all
the hard work I put in.
Coming out of surgery,
right away, I knew
my stomach was just [bleep].
My sides were bulging over.
I had this crease
down the center.
I had love handles
that I didn't have before.
This whole year,
since having my tummy tuck,
has been pretty rough.
I wear shapers constantly,
every day now,
'cause my love handles
are sticking out of my clothes.
It causes me to not want to
open up or date anybody
in fear of them finding out
I'm wearing a shaper.
Hope I find
something here.
One time I was dancing
in a club, and some guy
came up to me
and started dancing with me,
and he felt my shaper,
and it was the most embarrassing
thing I've ever
actually gone through.
We still danced,
but I slowly made my way
towards the door.
Don't judge me.
I won't judge you.
Look at that.
It's disgusting.
Does it go
all the way back?
Yeah.
There's, like,
wrinkles right there.
Like, it's just not smooth.
I definitely think
it took Robert
a lot to show me that,
because he does hide a lot,
even from his closest friends.
So I feel for him more,
and I understand why
he wants to do the surgery.
I wanna be able to go out there
and meet someone
and not be worried
by them hugging me.
I wanna be me.
I wanna look good.
The fact that I have to hold
back so much all the time--
it bothers me, makes me mad,
because sometimes
I put myself in situations
where I really wished
I had a joke,
or I would say something funny
in my head,
and I'm like, "I wish
I could've said that out loud."
But it's kind of like,
I'd rather just be quiet
and not looked at
and almost forgotten.
[sniffles]
Having the surgery
would mean the world to me.
It would be incredible
to start over with a new body.
I'm tired of holding back.
[Dr. Nassif] So I was doing
these squats yesterday.
[Dr. Dubrow] Yeah?
And as I'm
just about to pop up,
I feel something kind of go--
[crunch sound]
Ooh.
...right here.
Up there.
That's the gluteus maximus.
Can you help--
Just do one stretch for me,
because I'm tight?
You want me
to massage your butt?
Yeah.
[Dr. Dubrow]
There are three words
I really never
wanna hear from Paul,
and they are, "Touch my butt."
Ew.
All right. Now,
go ahead and stretch that.
Yeah, I'm not touching that.
Just push really hard
right in there.
Here. It'll actually help
doing this.
Watch. I'm not kidding.
You gonna put your elbow?
Or your knee?
No.
Oh! Wait a minute.
Ah, you son of a--
Seriously, it'll
be good for you.
...bitch! No!
It's good for you.
Go easier.
Wait, wait.
You're hurting me, you bastard.
[laughing]
Isn't that better?
[muttering, bleep]
Oh, sorry.
No. You ruined me, you dick.
I learned
an important lesson today.
Oh, my butt!
Never ask a pain in your butt
to get rid of
a pain in your butt.
Okay, our next patient,
Robert,
gained a lot of weight
and then lost it.
But he had
some cosmetic surgery
to fix the skin.
Look at this.
Is that a butt?
No, that's his abdomen now.
Can you please
send in Robert?
Robert.
Nice to meet you.
Dr. Nassif.
Nice to meet you too.
Hi, Robert. How are you?
Terry Dubrow.
How are you?
Nice to meet you.
So you lost a whole bunch
of weight, and, of course,
that wreaked havoc
on your skin.
Yes.
It made your skin loose.
Yeah.
Yeah. Absolutely.
The stomach area
just hung a lot right here.
Yeah.
There was nothing I could do.
So I found a doctor on Yelp.
Okay.
He tells me, "Come in
a little bit earlier,
and we'll do the markings
before your surgery."
But the doctor
ends up calling in late.
The anesthesiologist comes in.
He's like,
"I have other patients.
"We're just gonna have to
give you your epidural.
Your doctor will be here soon."
He says, "I'll have to
give you an epidural,
and then I'm gonna leave you"?
One of the most important
never-to-do things
is leave a patient unattended
after you've given them
any form of anesthesia.
That is a recipe for disaster.
[Robert]
Right when I woke up,
I could see
that my sides were bigger
than the wrapping.
And then, also,
I had a deep line
in the center.
Yeah, we saw that
in the picture.
But it's not
even so much about
having surgery
to fix the outer anymore.
I need this to kind of learn
to love myself right now.
When I look in the mirror,
I don't necessarily think
that I see
somebody who
[voice breaking]
deserves things all the time.
So your goals right now
are basically to be comfortable
in your own skin--
Yeah.
...and to make
your stomach look better?
Yeah. As flat as it can be.
Oh, my gosh.
[gasps]
The sex doll factory
is very crazy.
I've never been around
so many girls that look like me.
[laughing]
Whoa, what is that?
It's old blood.
Oh, my God.
This is definitely
one of those cases
you expect the unexpected.
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
So completely relax
your stomach.
This is not abdominal wall
tightening.
No.
This is abdominal wall
tightening.
Do you want more
of that look? Well, I mean--
Yeah, if you can give it to me.
I mean,
who wouldn't want that?
Yeah.
I've been trying
to tighten my abs at the gym,
but if I can have Dr. Dubrow
do that for me,
that's way easier.
It's important to understand
that a tummy tuck,
of all
the plastic surgery procedures
there are, that we do,
that's the number one
riskiest procedure.
Because when you tighten
the abdominal wall,
you're squeezing off the veins,
and when you do that,
the chance of getting
a blood clot is elevated.
Tummy tucks in men--
they're even higher risk,
because there's
a greater surface area
and much more of a chance
that there will be
postoperative bleeding,
or postoperative
fluid formation,
called a "seroma."
Do you wanna do this?
I do.
There's no talking
you out of this, is there?
No.
[Salina]
No, there's not.
Nope.
[Dr. Nassif]
Hopefully, with helping Robert,
we can pull him
out of that shell,
get a smile on his face.
It's time that Robert
feels good.
He deserves it.
Yay.
[muttering]
I know.
[both chuckling]
I'm excited.
Me too.
Oh, my gosh.
[gasps]
The sex doll factory
is very, very crazy.
I've never been around
so many girls that look like me.
[chuckles]
So, basically,
what's gonna happen is,
we're gonna do two layers.
The first layer is gonna capture
all of the finer details
and the general shape.
And then over top of that,
we're going to put plaster.
Okay.
And that's gonna hold
the entire thing in its shape.
Sounds nice.
[chuckles]
Then we'll get this...
I can definitely say
it's a dream job,
modeling for
a sex doll company.
I'm probably gonna be comparing
myself to the dolls.
Like, how far away from the goal
am I right now?
Now that I see them,
they look pretty big,
but I still want them bigger.
I think they
are huge already.
I understand.
No, you don't.
I understand that.
But what if the doctors
would agree to do my boobs?
I just hope that you
don't do anything stupid,
'cause I don't really like
the idea that you might die.
I'm afraid of dying as well.
[chuckles]
And you think that's
not a reason to quit?
You've seen that nothing
gets me more excited
than planning a surgery.
It's just the thing in life
that makes me happiest.
Yeah. But I think
that's not healthy.
I hope the doctors
will say to Amanda
that it's not safe
to get any more surgeries.
Oh, my gosh.
I think they look bigger here
than what I see
in the mirror.
Yeah.
[Amanda]
Seeing the mold
made me realize
that my boobs
do look pretty big,
but that doesn't stop me
from wanting them
double the size.
Which one do you prefer?
I'll take the left one.
[laughing]
Your left?
[man laughing]
[Koffa]
I have to touch these bones
one more good time,
'cause these bones--
you're gonna be gone.
[chuckles]
'Cause it's time
for juicy face again.
Juicy face.
Koffa.
[Koffa]
Hi.
How are you?
Hi. Nice to see you.
Good to see you.
How you doing, young lady?
So, this is my anesthesiologist,
Dr. Mest.
He's the world specialist
in this facial filling
process for you.
Yeah.
I mean, he's the guy
who got the stuff FDA approved.
Okay?
I'm excited.
I'm super excited
to help you out.
Living with sarcoidosis
is very challenging.
My face is skin and bones.
So I'm just curious to see
what I'm gonna look like.
So, Koffa, what's nice
about this, you have
some immediate filling--
Mm-hmm.
...with the hyaluronic acids.
And the long term--
basically, your body
producing your own collagen,
from Sculptra.
Mm.
Injecting Koffa,
we can definitely
feel the damage
that the sarcoidosis has done.
Usually, when you put in
a needle and inject,
the needle goes back
and forth real easy.
However, with Koffa,
the needle is not flexible,
and there's a lot of ridges
on the cheek.
These are all signs
of some inflammatory process
that has occurred
in Koffa's face.
Smile for me.
And this is just the beginning.
That's just the beginning.
Wow!
You look fantastic.
I'm gonna pass you off
to Dr. Dubrow now.
Okay.
Great. Right. Huh?
Okay. I'm out.
Thanks for coming down.
Appreciate it.
Do, as usual,
a great job as you always do.
I will--
I will do my best.
[Dr. Dubrow]
For Koffa's surgery today,
I'll begin on her left breast
by making an incision
in her areola,
and remove the old implant.
Then I'll remove
the scar tissue,
insert a new, smaller implant,
and tighten
her breast envelope.
Next, I'll make an incision
under her right areola,
remove the old implant,
and insert a smaller implant.
I'll then downsize the pocket
and reduce
the right skin envelope
to fix the dissociation,
ultimately giving her
natural, symmetrical breasts.
Let's get to it.
So we're gonna start
on the left side
and figure out why
this breast is so big.
This is definitely
one of those cases
you expect the unexpected.
All right. We're about to get
into the capsule here.
If there's fluid,
it'll come out now.
Whoa, what is that?
Old hematoma.
Old blood.
Wow.
It's old blood.
She had a hematoma.
Look at that.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
[Dr. Dubrow]
Normally, when you
make an incision,
you see soft tissue,
then scar tissue,
then the implant.
It's very unusual
to see blood,
the type of which I'm seeing
in Koffa's breast pocket.
And there's a lot of bad things
that can cause that.
What is this?
Ugh!
That's not just clot.
That's spongy, weirdness.
What is this stuff?
Ugh.
Have you ever
seen this before?
Okay, this is one of
the weirdest things
I've ever seen.
I remember waking up
in ICU several days later.
In the intensive care unit?
Yeah. I was in a coma.
You were in a coma
after plastic surgery?
Yeah.
That's very rare,
and it may indicate
something really significant
is going on in Amanda's body.
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
[woman] Ugh!
[Dr. Dubrow]
What is that?
We've gotta send this out
for pathology.
Yeah.
Here. Let's take
this implant out.
Ugh!
Based on what I'm seeing now,
I think it's better if Koffa
never deals with
breast implants again.
With cases that are
extraordinarily unique,
the exact surgical plan
will vary according
to what we find during surgery.
Okay, let's do the right side
and see what's going on.
See? Here it is.
Look at that.
Totally normal.
Okay, so we're just gonna
leave the implant
out of this side,
let them change, hopefully,
relatively equally.
And then, until
we have a diagnosis,
we can't even consider
doing anything more definitive
than what we're doing.
Okay. Thank you very much.
What's so surprising with Koffa
is what I thought was
garden-variety
capsular contracture--
it turns out it wasn't.
It's just a lot of foreign
material and old blood.
So we're just gonna have to wait
till that's analyzed
to figure out what to do next.
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be sexy ♪
[echoing]
Okay, we have a patient
from overseas.
Her name is Amanda Ahola.
She has very large
breast implants,
but she has issues with them.
Let me show you
what I'm talking about.
So, they're a bit uneven,
one's higher than the other,
and they're starting to displace
the areolas way out.
So bring in Amanda
and let's see what
we can do for her.
Can you send in Amanda, please?
Hi.
[Dr. Dubrow]
Amanda.
Miss Amanda, how are you?
Dr. Nassif.
Great, thank you.
It has been seven months
since I have had
my last surgery.
And I think about
all the surgeries
I would want to have every day.
So I'm hoping that Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow can help me.
You're from Finland?
[both]
Yeah.
Where?
From Pori.
And now we live in Jyv skyl .
"Jyv skua"?
"Kula."
Kula.
Jyv skyl .
Dracula?
What?
[both laugh]
Transylvania.
Yeah, that's Romania.
Okay, we know,
by looking at your pictures
and a little bit about
your history, that you've had
some breast surgery, obviously.
Yeah. They still don't look
fake enough for me.
You want them
to look very fake?
Yeah. I want to look
like a real live sex doll.
So you wanna be like
one of those plastic,
blow-up sex dolls?
Not blow-up. The real kind
that look like human beings,
but better.
Aleksi, are you into this?
Well, to be honest,
[laughing]
I'm with Amanda,
not with her body.
Okay.
Yeah.
If he had his way,
I'd cut my hair,
color it brown, get fat.
Yeah.
Like, he'd be very happy.
[Aleksi]
I've been with Amanda
about two years.
Amanda is beautiful,
and I don't think she needs
any plastic surgeries.
You've had three
breast surgeries?
Yeah.
What size
were put in initially?
Four hundred sixty cc's.
They were so tiny!
[laughs]
What size bra did that
take you to?
I think it was an E cup.
So what size was your
goal size, ultimately?
One thousand four hundred cc's.
Fourteen hundred in each side?
Yeah.
Okay, on a scale of one to ten,
that gets "wow."
In this country, the largest
we really ever put in is 800.
Fourteen hundred,
even on someone
twice the size of Amanda,
is going to subject her
to a lot of complications,
and is far too big.
And then what did you
tell the surgeon
the second time?
As big as you can go,
but he only put 750.
What size was your bra
after 750?
H.
Okay. You're going
way down the alphabet now.
Yeah.
Okay. So, what--
what was the goal
with the next breast surgery?
Well, I meet
this guy online,
and we just started talking
about, you know,
he was into big boobs.
So I always like to chat
with people who have
similar interests.
And then he was like,
"Is there anything
that I can do for you?"
And I was like,
"Well, I do want bigger boobs."
Okay. Were you aware
of this going on, Aleksi?
[both]
Yeah.
Were you cool with this?
Of course not. I mean--
You were okay with it?
Yeah. Yeah.
Wait a minute. You guys
are boyfriend-girlfriend.
[both] Yeah.
But the guy was from the US,
so I was okay with that.
Yeah.
So he sugar-daddy'd you
some breast implants.
Yeah.
Yes.
I love my boyfriend, Aleksi,
but the love of my life
is plastic surgery.
And if I ever had to choose
between plastic surgery
and Aleksi,
I would obviously choose
plastic surgery.
And he knows that.
So, I had the surgery.
And then I remember waking up
in ICU several days later.
In the intensive care unit?
Yeah. I was in a coma. Yeah.
You were in a coma
after plastic surgery?
Yeah.
What happened?
I had a seizure--
Yeah?
...and then they took me
to a bigger hospital
after that.
Wow.
So, you got close to--
Dying.
...dying.
Yeah.
If a patient goes into a coma
postoperatively,
that's very rare,
and it may indicate
something really significant
is going on in Amanda's body.
So what are your goals
with your breasts?
The number one thing
is that
this breast
is more in the middle--
Ahh. Okay.
...than this one.
It's-- They're asymme--
You know.
Yes.
Asymmetric.
Yeah. Asymmetric.
So, you wanna
make them more even--
Yeah, and sadly,
I still want them bigger.
Ugh!
How much bigger?
One thousand six hundred.
But I never go in
under anesthesia again.
So you wanna do more surgery,
but under local anesthesia.
Yeah.
It's been done,
so I know it's possible.
Okay.
Wow.
What is that?
Multiple metal clips.
Who the hell uses clips
in plastic surgery
on the inside?
Look at this.
I promise you,
this guy was not
a plastic surgeon.
I'm getting ticked off
right now.
You are dealing
with life and death.
It's like, "Well, I'm gonna keep
jumping into the water,"
where there's about
six white sharks all the time,
and you're gonna sit
on the side, on the edge of the
boat, and just keep watching.
Smarten up, Amanda.
Stop being irresponsible.
And, Aleksi, grow some balls.
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
[Dr. Dubrow]
Okay, so let's look
at your breasts.
This one is a little higher,
pushing the implant up higher.
Yeah. Yeah.
This is lower,
allowing it to sit lower.
Yeah.
So there is an asymmetry.
So, yes, a surgical procedure
could be done
to make them more symmetrical
and make them larger.
But the main issue
with you is,
if you have
a physiologic disorder,
it's from
the stress of surgery.
Yeah. I know. Yeah.
Not from local,
not from general.
It's the stress
of the operation itself.
That's what's going on
with you.
So, no more plastic surgery
till that's figured out?
I can't promise that.
Really?
Yeah.
What really concerns me
about Amanda
is that clearly
she may be a patient
who has a form
of plastic surgery addiction,
and it's something
we need to look very closely at.
So, are you gonna--
you gonna ride on her
to avoid plastic surgery?
He does it every time,
but he can never say no to me.
And--
Yeah, actually, I--
I can't stop her,
and I obviously feel
very bad about that, but--
You know what? I gotta tell you,
I'm getting-- I'm getting
ticked off right now.
You are dealing
with life and death.
It's like, "Well, I'm gonna keep
jumping into the water,"
where there's about
six white sharks all the time,
and you're gonna sit
on the side,
on the edge of the boat,
and just keep watching.
Yeah.
So I'm upset.
Maybe because I'm a father,
and I'm relating this
to if my kids were saying this.
Yeah.
I'd be pissed.
It's rare that I get
this worked up over a patient.
But, basically, she's saying,
"Well, I'll take
the risk of dying
just so that I can get
bigger breast implants."
Smarten up, Amanda.
Stop being irresponsible.
And, Aleksi, grow some balls.
You are more in her inner world
than anyone in her entire life,
okay?
Yeah.
So we're dumping
a lot of this on you, my man.
Yeah.
[Aleksi]
I agree with the doctors,
and I will try to stop
the surgeries.
But I think that's impossible.
Take care of yourself, huh?
Pleasure meeting you. Yeah.
Come on. Stay alive.
I will. I promise.
Stay healthy.
Thank you.
I promise.
[laughs]
Good advice.
I agree.
But I'm also crazy.
[chuckling]
Robert, how are you, my man?
Good. How are you?
It's good to see you.
Good to see you too.
Now, most tummy tucks
are stretched-out skin
in the vertical direction.
So that if you just
tighten it this way,
you're done.
Yeah.
You have vertical laxity
and horizontal laxity.
[mutters]
Which means, you know,
an incision down the middle.
How do you feel about
having a scar down
the center of your abdomen?
I don't mind it.
Well, that says it all
right there.
That's your answer.
All right.
That's cool.
I'll begin Robert's surgery
by placing him on his left side
to do a flankplasty.
I will make an incision
around his side,
all the way to his back,
and remove excess skin
on his right flank,
and then turn him
on his right side
and repeat the procedure
on his left flank,
tightening his waistline
to improve his contour.
Next, I'll turn him
onto his back,
where I'll make both
a horizontal
and vertical incision,
removing excess skin
to tighten his abdominal area,
ultimately giving him
an all-around better shape.
So, we're gonna start
Robert's case today with
what's called a "flankplasty."
We turn him
on his left side down
in order that we focus
on his right side.
So let's go ahead
and make an incision
all the way to his back.
Robert has so much laxity
that it extends
all the way to the back.
So we call that
a "belt lipectomy,"
where it's as if a belt,
surrounding the entire
abdominal wall,
is placed to tighten skin.
See ya.
The ultimate shapewear.
Shapewear with a scalpel.
So look at that. That's
gonna be his new waistline.
Looks nice.
Now we're gonna open up
his previous
tummy tuck incision.
Ah. What is that?
Yeah.
Multiple metal clips.
Who the hell uses clips
in plastic surgery
on the inside?
Look at this.
I promise you,
this guy was not
a plastic surgeon.
The problem with metal clips is,
it's really something
you tend to use
inside the abdomen,
not in the abdominal wall,
because it's a lot
of metallic foreign body,
and you'd rather not have that
on the outside of the abdomen.
Here we go.
Look how much laxity there is
in this direction.
Uh-huh.
Wow. All right.
Let's try this.
It's basically
a sideways tummy tuck.
We don't see that every day.
No.
Robert's had so much weight loss
and so much loose skin
that requires you
to do something
a little extraordinary.
That's nice.
That looks good.
Huh?
Looks good.
Yeah.
That's tight.
But when that loosens up,
that should be good.
Let's close, and let's
get him to a recovery room.
Yeah? Awesome.
Great.
[Koffa laughing]
Oh, my goodness.
It's about time.
I know.
[laughing]
Thankfully,
Koffa's biopsy came back
with nothing
but coagulated blood.
And that's a benign finding,
so we're able
to go ahead with the surgery.
But Koffa had
a very unusual reaction
to her breast implants,
and it's a better idea
to completely avoid
breast implants,
because putting them back in
may set us up
for a real problem.
So, the key with you
is to get these up,
get them as full-looking
as possible,
without breast implants.
It is disappointing to know
that my body is doing
all kind of whacky stuff,
but after getting
the information
from the doctors,
I just decided my health
is way more important
than the vanity of my breasts.
All right. So, let's
make this the final step--
Yes! Oh, my gosh!
...in your process.
You've been through a lot.
Yes.
[laughing]
Don't you love her?
Oh, my gosh!
[woman]
She's the best.
Okay, step one:
removal of the breast skin.
So now that we've taken
her breast apart,
we have to put it
back together again
and try to make
a breast shape out of it.
My goal today
is to give Koffa round,
aesthetically pleasing breasts.
So, as opposed to maximizing
projection using implants,
I have to minimize the width
to give the proper balance.
So, to bring the width down,
I need to tighten the side
making this scar
a little bit longer,
but I don't think
she would mind.
There we go.
Nice, tight out here.
Good projection-to-width
balance.
Okay. Let's do
the other side.
It feels good to be
on the home stretch
of Koffa's surgery.
It's been a long journey
for her,
and I can't wait to see
what she's gonna look like
postoperatively.
I think she should be
really happy with this.
Okay, let's put her down.
Let's close this up.
Looks good.
Robert had probably
over a thousand stitches placed.
[male singer]
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
[Dr. Nassif] Hello, everybody.
[Dr. Dubrow]
Hey, Robert, how are you?
Good. How are you?
How do you feel?
I feel all right.
A little shaky.
A little nauseous.
A little nauseous?
Robert's surprisingly
in good spirits,
considering the fact
that he had probably
over a thousand stitches placed.
You had some big surgery,
my man.
Good. Sounds good.
So let me tell you
what happened, okay?
As opposed to just sort of
a regular tummy tuck,
I went way back.
I basically did
a whole body lift.
That sounds awesome.
It does?
He's going, "Yeah"--
It sounds awesome.
I can't wait to see it now.
All right. Do me a favor.
Stand up.
So we had to put two binders
on you 'cause I went so high.
[mutters]
All right.
There you go.
Can you see this?
Yeah.
Feel that.
It's gone.
I appreciate that.
[laughs]
Right?
This is amazing.
[Robert]
I'm amazed by the work
that Dr. Dubrow did.
I think if I wasn't
so drugged up right now,
I'd be a little bit
more emotional.
But I really am
appreciative of it.
It looks really good, Doctor.
Thank you.
[Dr. Dubrow]
You're welcome.
Yeah.
That looks fantastic.
[Robert]
I've wanted this my whole life.
I've always been shy.
When I ballooned
up to 400 pounds,
I could never be myself.
But now,
after my surgery,
I find myself
wanting to be more involved,
and liking the attention,
and I can be
who I really am now
and meet new people.
I'm excited for what's to come.
[woman]
Ooh! Is that my boo?
[laughter, cheering]
Party's here.
[exclaiming, applauding]
Robert looked so good.
He had his button-up tucked in.
He doesn't even need
his shapers anymore.
We're gonna burn 'em.
[chuckling]
[women whooping]
Should I hold my sides?
You're ready for the catwalk.
Yes.
Tall, dark,
and handsome over here.
My boo is snatched.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, damn.
A sister wouldn't mind.
Right? The cute ones
are always gay.
Thank you, guys, for coming.
I appreciate it,
you know?
[voice breaking]
Thank you for being with me.
[sniffling]
My mom...
I'm so proud of you.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
You're so handsome.
[Robert]
Before my surgery,
my stomach was a mess.
I was square shaped,
had loose skin
and love handles.
It made me so insecure
that I had to wear shapers
every single day.
But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
I have shape
without the shapers,
and all my loose skin is gone.
I finally feel like
I can break out of my shell
and be that person
I was meant to be.
I can finally get rid
of all of these
and never have to wear them
ever again.
Well, cheers to you, baby.
Whoo!
Good body!
[laughing]
Baby got back.
Thank you.
Whoo!
[Koffa]
This 15-year journey
has been out of this world.
I don't even know why things
happened to me
the way they did,
but I'm just happy to be
where I am now.
With this new face
and new body,
I can walk into a room
and have confidence.
I am ready to nail
that dream job.
Yeah, send her in.
All right. Thanks.
We have a visitor.
Remember Koffa?
Yes. How could I
forget Koffa?
I can't wait to see
what she looks like.
Yeah. Come in.
Ah!
[Dr. Nassif]
Whoa! Look at you!
No way!
Hello! Look at--
[Dr. Nassif]
Wow!
Let me put these down first.
Are those presents for us?
Yes.
Wait. Stop. Let us just
take this in for a second.
Oh, for-- Give me a hug!
[chuckling]
Unbelievable!
[Dr. Nassif, Koffa]
Nice to see you.
Koffa looks absolutely amazing.
For the first few seconds,
I almost didn't recognize her.
She looks completely different.
So--
The cheeks and everything
look fantastic.
...this is your old face.
Thank you. Yes.
This is what you look like.
Pretty much, yes.
Exactly. Right?
Uh-huh.
What's happening here?
Is it good?
Everything's great.
No implants.
That's right. I'm saying
you picked 'em up, did a lift.
They look great.
These natural-looking breasts
look kind of good,
you know what I'm saying?
[laughing]
So I did something special,
and I hope you guys like it.
Here you go.
Okay, okay, okay.
Wait. Let's open 'em up
together. Ready?
Yes.
One, two, three.
[Dr. Nassif]
Oh, look at that.
A surgical cap.
Oh, that's so cool!
[Koffa]
I made surgical caps
for the doctors
because they're always
in the OR,
and I wanted them
to look super cute.
I feel so blessed to have
the help that I had.
[Dr. Dubrow]
That's the coolest thing ever!
Before my surgery,
my sarcoidosis
took over my life.
My face was skin and bones,
and my breasts were
completely lopsided.
But now my breasts
are symmetrical,
my face has regained
its fullness,
I look like myself again,
and I feel great.
My juicy face is back.
[laughing]
I just want to thank you
from the bottom of my heart.
You both changed my life.
[Dr. Dubrow]
You're welcome.
You know we have
thousands and thousands
of patients,
and there's no way
we could remember all of them.
We will never forget
you, Koffa.
Aw.
Thank you.
Hold on.
Let's have a group hug.
Yes.
[laughing]
Yeah.
When I came out of surgery,
I said, "What the [bleep]?"
My chin looked square.
It needed to be fixed ASAP.
[Dr. Dubrow]
That really does look
like Kim Kardashian.
No way!
I have an English bulldog,
and I went down
to kiss him one day,
and he came up
at the same time,
so I got his tooth
through my nose.
When I push on this
one direction, it will
discharge from my nipple.
Every day?
Every day.
I need help with these lopsided
leaking ladies.
What the [bleep] is this?